The unique plot combined with the great acting skills of John Krasinski and Emily Blunt that creates a mysterious atmosphere and keeps you on the edge of your seat.Actor, co-writer and director John Krasinski seems to understand this thoroughly, and the result is an unnerving film. The premise is intriguing - in the near future, humans are viciously hunted down by mysterious creatures equipped with a heightened sense of sound. Their only known weakness is that they are blind.Krasinski uses this to create a dreadful sense of atmosphere throughout the film. The rules that exist in this universe are established early on with minimal exposition. After all, the characters can\'t communicate with each other openly. Additionally, since very little is known about these creatures, this film smartly implements one of the fundamental rules of the genre - the fear of the unknown. This setup pushes the family to invent creative ways to survive. The cast is minimal - besides Krasinski, Emily Blunt plays his wife, and their real-life chemistry translates brilliantly. Noah Jupe and Millicent Simmonds play two of their children. Being a deaf actress, Millicent is the perfect choice to star in this mostly silent film, and her authentic performance stands out along with Blunt who showcases her impressive acting range. Horror, in particular, only works if you\'re invested in the characters, and this cast absorbs you into their terrifying world.I rarely write a review, but when I saw the negative reviews claiming the positive reviews must be bots I felt it was time. Yes, there is a lot of sub-titling. The folks often had to be silent. How else are you going to convey what\'s going on? Do the complainers never see a foreign language film?Granted, we don\'t know why the creatures are there, but is that necessary for the story? I didn\'t walk away unsatisfied without that answer. It really didn\'t seem to be that important. This was a story about a family\'s struggle to survive in circumstances very few would make it through.The tension in this movie was incredible. I felt a kinship with the family I don\'t often feel. I see 30-40 movies a year. This was one of the best I\'ve seen in a few months. I\'ll be going to see it again."A Quiet Place" directed by John Krasinski is a genuine and tensed horror/thriller. It has a unique premise and backstory. The setup for the story has been done well. The performances by John Krasinski and Emily Blunt, along with the child actors is awesome. The direction of Krasinski is "awesomer". The tension and the thrills were genuinely great. That\'s something I have not seen in a horror/thriller for a long time. Speaking of horror, what we take as "scary" is totally subjective. If you\'re watching this to get some jumpscares or to see a ghost, this ain\'t your movie. There are many moments that give us the feeling of getting into the jaws of death, unexpectedly. Those were some real thrills. And, the characters know what\'s gonna kill them and why. So, whenever such things take place, the tension is amplified (no pun intended) and whether or not they are gonna succeed at the particular moment keeps you terrified. For me, anything that keeps you terrified is real horror than some ghosts and jumpscares, so I got my "horror" part in this movie, after a long time. It\'s not that it doesn\'t have any false scares, just one or two though. Whenever something goes wrong, you can feel the s**t happening. That\'s some incredible directing. It\'s just an awesome thrill ride until we reach the third act, where things just turn into the same old "daddy loves you" things and the final moments were a bit less satisfying for a thrill ride we witnessed for the majority of the movie. There are some notable plot holes regarding a "better" place they should\'ve lived on, some sounds making no significance in the context of the movie\'s own rules, the way a lot of food, medicines don\'t get used up after such a long time, the crops being harvested (without any noise?) etc. The movie also shows certain stuff as if it was trying to say "see this is a plot device, see see SEE!" and it actually is so. One plotline with Emily Blunt and her "youngest child" was something that made no sense to be honest as per the movie\'s own rules and was obvious to play out in the later part of the movie. The way it was playing out was damn good, but we knew that something was up regarding this. That\'s all I can say and have to say about this movie, without spoiling anything. If you watch the movie, you\'ll know what I am pointing at. On the whole, I cannot overlook the flaws but man, I had a great time watching the movie. It\'s flawed but intriguing. It\'s probably the first Krasinski movie I liked so much. I have seen one or two other movies he made, some years ago. They were forgettable to say the least. This was, at least, unforgettable and nice.Score : 8.3/10Grade : A-Label : Entertaining enough to watch it multiple times (i.e. Rewatchable)In a few words: smart, entertaining, novel and intense thriller movie. Beautiful cinematography and excellent acting from the kids and Emily Blunt. Nice one for John Krasinksi directing and writing.Overall, throughout the film there\'s excellent timing in deploying tropes. All the tropes are classic 101 cinematic thriller tropes, so there\'s nothing really new or anything you haven\'t seen before BUT the build up to each of these scenes, which gets supported greatly by the combination of the sound editing and the camera work, creates excellent tension.Its predictable and unpredictable at the same time. And I guess that\'s the novelty in this film.Add to all that great photography, cinematography and good acting and you can have an amazing cinematic experience.Try eating popcorn while watching this...The hype was right, this is a thrilling film.10/10 for the fun.I am Deaf. I realllllly enjoy it!! So it good for people who know sign Langurge and deaf. For deaf people have to watch that movie!!! So action and drama!!!Anyone who lives in the world and follows movies has a pretty good idea of the main concept behind a quiet place: there are beings that will kill you if you make a noise.\nThe film does very little to try to explain where these beings come from, all we know is how long they\'ve been there for and that they have change the face of the planet in a pretty radical way.We follow the Abbot family, who lives in a remote country house with an elaborate system to keep each other safe, but the main thing is that they have become very skilled at being very quiet.The incredible result of that premise is that the film has very little dialogue and instead, makes great use of visuals and sound. And there are truly stunning set pieces in this film, and without spoiling anything, Emily Blunt gives a stellar performance, as usual. Frustratingly, because the film chooses to concentrate on the action and the premise, it failed to give real substance to its characters and their relationships. A very artificial conflict is created between the dad and his daughter, and it truly feels like it was added into a later version of the script to give some sort of emotional arc to the characters, but the result is clumsy at best, a bit ridiculous at worst.Additionally, the film fails to create very clear rules on what the creatures can and cannot hear, how they function, how they are able to detect obstacles in their path, how many there are, or how fast they move, are all animals dead, and the list probably goes on. The result is that whatever is established at one point inevitably changes later on to fit the dramatic needs of the story, but it undermines our ability to suspend disbelief. Repeatedly, it feels like the film is doing its best to thrill, even if that means going against the film\'s internal logic. On a similar note, around the middle of the film John Krasinski takes his son hunting. At some point, they stop by a waterfall, next to which Krasinski starts yelling, casually explaining to his son that as long as there is a louder sound next to them, they are absolutely safe. I was thinking the same thing during the first half of the film, namely - if these creatures follow sounds, then, wouldn\'t it be simple to constantly distract them with sounds everywhere? We certainly have the technology to do that. Also, shouldn\'t there be sound proof shelters? Couldn\'t all humanity focus on sound proofing all of their homes??But even if we accept for one second that these solutions are impossible, then, why not move next to a waterfall or any other natural place that is always very loud?? Plus, it doesn\'t look like they are able to shower at all, a waterfall would make a lot of sense hygiene wise.I understand that this is a movie and sometimes internal logic needs to be sacrificed, but this became a tough sell after that moment and it felt like the film did very little to address that glaring problem.A Quiet Place was critically acclaimed and for some reason that tends to mean I won\'t like it. No idea why I just don\'t tend to follow the unwashed masses when it comes to movies, I am however mistaken sometimes.Starring real life married couple Emily Blunt and John Krasinski, also directed by the latter this highly original horror got my attention from the get go and held it throughout.It tells the story of a post apocalyptic world that has been torn apart by mysterious creatures that find their prey exclusively through sound. It follows one family as they try to survive in absolute silence.The fact there is such little dialogue or really any form of audio is how A Quiet Place finds its identity. I\'m not saying it hasn\'t been done before but it hasn\'t on quite this scale and it works considerably better than you\'d imagine.The cast are great, the cinematography is fantastic and the story is really well put together. To add to this I think A Quiet Place is genuinely one of the most tension filled movies I\'ve ever seen, I squinted, I cringed, I clenched my fist, on sat on the edge of my seat multiple times throughout.A Quiet Place deserves the critical acclaim, though it\'s not perfect it is however an absolute triumph and a real spectacle. Certainly one of those "Movies to see before you die" types.If you haven\'t seen it yet, do something about that.The Good:Very engrossingWell actedHighly originalSo incredibly tense in placesThe Bad:Just a couple of poorly thought out momentsThings I Learnt From This Movie:Kids are a liabilityKids shouldn\'t be trusted with anything everKids suckI generally don\'t like horror movies because usually they are just stupid. But as horror movies go, this one is pretty good. The acting (love Emily Blunt, not a big John Krasinski fan, but he\'s talented, and successful) the cinematography, and the music (not the songs they played, I\'m talking about the cinematic score by Marco Beltrami) were all good. But as usual in horror movies, there were glaring plotholes.If the Emily Blunt character can kill an alien monster with a shotgun, what about the militaries of the world? Don\'t they have bigger, stronger weapons?Why is it a good idea to bring a 4 year old shopping in a world full of alien monsters that kill anything alive that makes noise? Aren\'t little kids noisy? Couldn\'t the daughter stay home with the 4 year old while the parents go shopping?Why take a noisy toy away from a 4 year old. But leave the toy and batteries where the 4 year old can retrieve them?Why walk back home in a dangerous world with the 4 year old bringing up the rear, out of everyone\'s sight?Why does a single shotgun blast bring multiple monsters running, but a fireworks show only distracts one monster?If people can scream and yell safely next to a waterfall, why not live next to the waterfall?Who has a nail sticking up in the middle of a stair step in a house full of little kids, where everyone runs around barefooted? I know the mother pulled it up with a sack of supplies. But why was it there to begin with? And why leave it after discovery?These people were running around barefooted with jackets, coats and sweaters on. What do they do in the winter when it\'s cold?Where did all that sand come from? Did they live by a beach we never saw?If your shotgun kills the monsters, why isn\'t it with you all the time?The plotholes and questions go on and on. These things are hard to digest if you have an analytical mind, and look at things logically. But if you don\'t think too hard about it, and suspend disbelief . . .A Quiet Place starts with racking up the tension which doesn\'t let up in a nerve shredding 1hr 25. The premise is simple, we get no back story as to why the family have to stay silent, but within 5 minutes with an unexpected moment we can see what the consequence of making noise is. From then on our focus is on this one family as they strive to stay safe in what seems like a helpless situation. \nI enjoyed this film immensely. I found it to be nerve shredding and so tense to watch i had to try catch my breath a few occasions as i had been holding it so long. It is the silence for a majority of the film that makes this work and i was grateful for a silent cinema hall (this i will go back to) I found myself caring for the characters (rare in horror) and hoping for a positive outcome. It also doesn\'t suffer from an overlong run time and imo is not for the mostpart predictable.Those who like a decent movie monster i feel will be pleasantly surprised i believe as well.\nThose who are looking for gory in your face horror may struggle to engage and i think coming back to my point earlier if you end up in a hall full of restless noisy people filling the silence the tension will somewhat be lost. \nA solid 8/10The Earth is apparently invaded by blind lanky aliens who kill anything that makes sound. How did they build a ship? Once you get past the inane plot, the film isn\'t half bad. A farm family with a hearing impaired girl communicates by sign and don\'t make a sound. The creatures have armor, but can be killed with gun fire so I am not sure how they still exist. Just drive around in a tank. They will come to you. There is a lot to this story that is not being told. We basically watch the family go through their daily routine trying not to make a sound and get killed. The film was an interesting concept and fairly well performed, but for me I really needed those gaping plot holes filled.Im a huge John Kasinski fan so I may be slightly biased, but in his directorial debut I believe him to have constructed one of the most tense and effective movies I\'ve seen in a long time.This movie is not without its flaws in logic and plot, but in what it attempts to do, it\'s incredibly successful.From start to end I was on edge of my seat. There were very few moments where I wasn\'t guessing what was going to come next or what could potentially happen to one of the characters.In a sea of horror films this day and age that rely on setup, gimmicky jump-scares, this movie stands out, much like Don\'t Breathe, as an exercise of your patience and nerves. It slightly peels away and shreds your emotions as the film progresses.This attempt makes me truly excited for John\'s potential future in filmmaking because of his ability to play the audience and draw reactions from them. It was truly nearly a masterful performance by both he and Emily and should not go unappreciated by the niche horror audience.I wanted to watch this because of all the hype, but I think this movie is a bit overrated. The first half is quite boring and a bit over dramatic (they\'re making nominal noise so why can\'t they whisper?). The second half is much better, once the action hyped up. But overall I didn\'t think the characters were well developed, the storyline was dull and lacked flow.I had to comment the whole time while watching this movie. Are you serious? Who leaves the youngest child so far behind in line? Who makes babies in an apocalyptic world where sound is your worst problem? Babies cry!! Then we fast forward a whole year, the day the father goes fishing with his son is when her contractions start, the basement stairs get screwed up, everything is falling apart in the same day. Luckily the new born is very special and makes pretty much no sounds. Just put him in a box, no food no problem. The creature rips through a silo like it\'s paper but has difficulties with a rusty pick up truck. I mean i can go on like this forever. It was funny and ridiculously predictable.Psychic pressure is one of the most powerful films I\'ve seen in horror moviesYes, I am biased for rating A Quiet Place with ten stars because I was born Deaf. However, I\'ve had seen several Deaf-related movies and never gave them more than a star out of ten. What am I telling you is therefore as a Deaf person wasn\'t the only factor of my determination to settle this film with the rate of 10 stars.This film reminds me of my favorite post-apocalyptic book-"The Road," by Cormac McCarthy-and was made a movie based adaptation directed by John Hillcoat in 2009. It\'s a famous known story of the desperation regarding love, hope, and be appreciative of what you have, like one particular scene where the boy handed with a can of coke and the cheerful look of his father to precious that moment. Such a rare, powerful feeling that touched my heart and soul that still gave me goosebumps at this moment. That inspirational feeling finally triggered me in another way while I watched The Quiet Place. Every second of love between within a family valued is like finding a treasure with ten thousands of gold. It represented love as the most reliable kind of a drug you can get, and that\'s what enabled you to your survival at the highest point. (For those who mock me, by the way, John Wooden, the best coach in the history of any sports, who coached for UCLA basketball from 1964 to 1975. Not only he succeeded ten national titles in twelve years, but he also created Pyramid of Success, a display of a foundation to reach your success at peak. Even the validity and reliability of the Pyramid of Success are highly respected; John Wooden admitted his regret for not putting "love" anywhere in the pyramid. He stated that "love" is the most meaningful part of life and unfortunately, it\'s often overlooked. I used his statement here to justify the fact of love as an essential cornerstone of living, and the movies like The Quiet Place are great reminders.)Another thing, I love Millicent Simmonds. Herself as a person and her skills are marvelous. She already carried on through the barriers and brought the Deaf culture into Hollywood. She made sure that everyone in the film used American Sign Language (ASL) in the right way and treated it as a language. It\'s unimaginable for someone at 15 years old to do that. Her performance also reflected how Deaf children react when they\'re constantly pressured to wear hearing aids. Many of us hate wearing hearing aids and are tired of hearing people telling us how important to hear. In fact, Deaf children are already comfortable with themselves and now, hearing people who have no idea what\'s like being Deaf telling them what to do. You\'ll be surprised at how many of Deaf children wearing hearing aids for the stake of wanting to please hearing people, especially their parents. I love where her father refused to let her visit the basement because he knew that she wouldn\'t appreciate that her father devoted his work on reconstructing hearing aids. Another scene I love is where her father told her "I LOVE YOU" before he got killed. As I said, she tried to please her father for years. She still felt that the connection between both was somewhat missing. She gave up when she realized that it wasn\'t for her to reach her father for his approval. He had to show love for who\'s she as person. Look at how much she gained her confidence to step in to protect her family after she acknowledged fully the fact that her dad loves her. See the parallels between the film and the reality of life being a Deaf child. Funny and ironic circumstance: Alexander Graham Bell tried to develop hearing aids for his mother and his wife who were profoundly Deaf in the 1870s, but it turned out to be an inventor of the phone and founded AT&T in 1885. He saved everyone\'s life because without a telephone is unimagine for one to live nowadays. Whereas Millicent\'s father tried to reconstructing hearing aids, but it turned out to be an inventor of a weapon to kill aliens and save everyone\'s life. I want to thank the audience for your support even though you may don\'t realize. With the high rate and profits, that would encourage filmmakers to include Deaf people in their next films. It opens the gate for the Deaf people and to spread the awareness.The premise is that if you make a sound, monsters will get you. I am fine with a film creating whatever rules or framework it wants. You want a film with Magic, fine. Supernatural powers, fine. Or a film where If any sound is made, the monsters attack in seconds and make lighting quick work of their prey, fine. There is a lot I like about the film, but when you routinely break the very rules you create, the movie becomes frustrating and unenjoyable. In this film the creators establish that sounds of a beeping space shuttle toy bring monsters in under 10 seconds. And they kill the living thing holding the toy so fast you barely see it. That\'s fast. Also, the sound of a falling silo door brings a monster, also in a very fast time. A scream will bring a monster in a matter of seconds. And kill you just as fast. Normal talking will also bring a monster so you must use sign language. Also, the sound of a raccoon just making normal night time noises will bring a monster to kill the raccoon. So, how is it the loud sound of the same raccoon falling on the roof one minute before not bring the monster? How is it that the same raccoon, a full raccoon size, did not get killed every single day before the scene shown? Is he using raccoon sign language and forgot that night? \nThe silo door falling brings the monster but the roof noise from the raccoon does not? The roof noise was louder and the monster was clearly in the area because the monster killed the raccoon a moment later. How is they show birds in the sky making noises early in the film, but no monster attack? Do the birds only make noise when flying? Do they ever nest? Of course they must land. Do they always stay quiet when they nest or land? How did the creatures not attack then? Birds are noisy but they survive. They monsters can easily and swiftly get to the top of a silo, why not a tree? They can cut through a silo wall, so why not a tree or whatever the birds are in?\nThey establish that non-living things making noise bring the monster. The afore mentioned door, and also a gun, fireworks, etc. also, there is an object that falls that nearly hits the ground and the family shows their collective relief when it is caught before hitting the ground. Obviously, they are afraid a falling object will bring the monster. But, a river or waterfall does not bring the monster. Maybe they attacked the river and gave up? If so, why not live a bit closer to the water. The rustling of leaves of a tree or corn stalks does not bring the monster, apparently? Leaves are alive. Why do they ignore that? The family can\'t make a creaking sound in the house because it will bring a monster, so they walk around barefoot. But, anyone who has lived in a home knows that homes make a random, creaking sound on their own from time to time. What happens then?. And the wind would make sounds against the house frequently. Of course, they have to live in a house with wood floors and no carpets or rugs to help muffle any sound, but take serious care to make the paths outside sound resistant to their feet. Also, did no one cough during the last year? Does no one snore? What about flatulance? Surely someone must have had a good sneeze. These sounds are louder than a whisper and often louder than normal talking. Yet, they avoided the monster for over a year. And, why do they have to keep reminding people to be quiet by putting their finger over their mouths? You\'d think after a year the people alive would have figured that one out. Why do monsters ignore the creaking, rusted swing during the walk home with the dad and son? Because a creaking, rusted swing sounds erie and adds to tension? They also ignore the newspaper blowing in the wind at the beginning of the film, because why again? Is it Becasue a newspaper blowing in the wind sets a mood? The monsters move incredibly fast, faster than any animal, but then move as slow as a sloth, painfully slow, when moving against the people the director does not want killed. There are so many ways this movie could have been better. The concept is not bad, but the execution is frustrating. It\'s not a bad movie, and I enjoyed parts, but you must turn off your brain and ignore facts to give this anything more than a mild recommendation. I liked the actors and thought they did well with the material. I liked the family concept. You felt like everyone mattered and no one was expendable, except the old dude of course. There are plenty of other things buggy about the movie but the lack of consistency is what really bothered me. I wanted the film to succeed and I found myself trying to make excuses for the story, making assumptions to try and explain how the story could work and be believable, but the inconsistencies were too much. I liked the premise but the film felt incomplete. Partially baked idea and I think the director knew it. But he will make money and move on, even if his art was a mediocre, incomplete effort.First of all, the movie was spectacular, the setting is presented wonderfully and the entire movies exposition is done through visual storytelling, and typical methods of exposition such as newspaper articles are actually relevant here because there is no way to unveil information through sound.The silent scenes make moments more impactful than booming music would. Although it is used to build suspense during thriller scenes, It is often juxtaposed with deaf silence to give us an insight into the perspective of the daughter.I want to address every problem I see people listing in this movie and why their points are illogical themselves, despite them trying to point out the illogicality of this movie."Why didn\'t they just live at the waterfall"\nThey can\'t just build a house... They were using real pre-existing structures/ shelter because that was the only realistic option, how would you collect resources to build a shelter if you can\'t make a sound?"It doesn\'t tell us how many there are"\nWe can only go off the knowledge the family have. The dad has a note stating that \'Only 3 are known so far\' and that\'s all the audience has to go off as well. It\'s their lack of knowledge that makes the thrill all that more exciting."Why did they have a baby"\nWell are you really going to avoid sex for the rest of your life?\nAnd its also tied into a character arc. The mother lost her youngest, she wants to fill the void with another child. Simple."Why don\'t they set up distraction sounds"\nThe monsters would run to it and destroy it instantly.\nThe reason they get used to the waterfall is because they literally cannot destroy it. But they could destroy speakers or anything else planted by a person."If guns could kill them the whole time then-"\nNo, the gun could only effect it once it was weakened by the sound amplification."Why did they survive but not the army"\nProbably because the army tried to directly attack while civilians planned and evacuated covertly."Why didn\'t she remove the nail"\nDidn\'t exactly have time to did she...I really think people are going too deeply into this. For the idea itself I believe they did close to the best they could with it. Obviously I have points too such as how did the monster get in the mattress covered bunker and how did the mother escape the room (they completely skip over it). But overall I think it was amazingly shot, acted, scripted, and it paced itself incredibly well to build good suspense and not rely on jump scares.You say the creators didn\'t think deeply enough, but from the looks of it, the majority of nitpicky negative reviews are thinking on more of a surface level then the writers.John Krasinski takes after Jordan Peele as a successful comedic actor turned serious director. He shows some skill here with "A Quiet Place," but, like Peele, I can\'t help but feel a little disappointed with his work given the high praise from critics and the commercial success. "A Quiet Place" showcases a truly brilliant concept, some effective moments of tension and emotion, but undercuts it with some serious bs writing, a dumb ending, and lack of true terror.A lot can be said about the concept of "A Quiet Place." When I first heard of this movie I was immediately sold. The concept is very original and quite brilliant: monsters that hunt by sound. One small noise could mean your end. "A Quiet Place" delivers on some serious tense moments and even a few emotional shockwaves. The story is never boring and director John Krasinski is able to hold the audiences\' attention throughout the short runtime, even more impressively done without the aid of dialogue. The performances were all believable and everyone did a good job acting scared s**tless. However, some of the writing was shoddy.*Spoilers* There are many moments when the monsters should have killed members of the family. When Emily Blunt gives birth without medical assistance while making no sounds at all (even from the freakin\' newborn baby) as a monster is literally 10 feet from her is ridiculous and laughably bad. Better yet, she should have died when she was in the water bound basement with the monster swimming beneath her. There were five different times the kids should have died but the monsters were probably too lazy or dumb to kill them (the barn, the truck, the cornfield). Why did that idiot five-year-old not understand you can\'t make sounds? This is even dumber given he died on Day 89, meaning this idiot survived that long. BS! And worst of all the monsters\' weakness was dumber than the aliens from "Signs" (but I actually liked "Signs"). All they had to do was play a queef frequency on a girl\'s hearing aid and then shotgun the monsters in the head. Wow, funny how no one else figured that out. I called bs on so many things I couldn\'t get as emotionally involved as I wanted too nor could I suspend my disbelief for proper enjoyment."A Quiet Place" delivered on what the trailer promised minus actual horror or any real intelligence. Never during the film\'s runtime did I actually feel scared, I did jump, but good horror movies should scare you, not make you just jump. Though most movies nowadays don\'t scare people, especially people who are old cynical a**holes like me. Post Apocalyptic creature features don\'t scare me but some can gross me out like the hugely underrated "The Mist." I tend to soil myself over ghostly haunted house movies because now that is scary. In short, "A Quiet Place" is a great idea, but disappointingly executed. If you want to make a good horror movie, it first needs to be intelligently thought out, then the scares will follow, maybe.I\'ll be honest, when I saw the trailer, I felt like it showed the whole movie, assuming that the birth scene would be the finale of the film, but it happens less than half way through the film and the film had so much more to offer. It was eternally intense thriller that kept me and everyone else in the theater on the edge of their seats. I was also worried that the film wouldn\'t effectively portray the silence and intensity, boy was I wrong, the films quietness and also the way it was filmed gave a true sense of uncertainty and fear. I\'ll be honest not all the scares got me, but several of them did, and did very effectively, especially considered I am a horror veteran. I found the pacing and intensity to be very effect and kept me on the edge of my seat. And reacting to the audience reactions, everyone else was more scared than I am.Not only the horror aspect was good, but the dynamic between the family is also very well done. You truly feel like this was a family that love each other and John Krazinski and Emily Blunt do a wonderful job portraying not only the love between mother and father as well as the true love between parents and their children. The bad and good dynamic of children on their parents is on full display as well as the constant fear of protecting our children. The cinematography was great, it only added to the tense feeling in scenes, I found many of the shots to be unique and well shot. The monsters were bad ass as hell and are definitely scary, not only what they do but what they look like.I highly recommend it."A Quiet Place" is a tense and original thriller with the story of a family of survivors after an undefined apocalypse. For viewers like me that do not see trailers or read anything about the movie that he or she wants to see before watching it, the beginning is highly intriguing and the mystery lasts until the moment their little son is attacked at the bridge. Emily Blunt and John Krasinski are married with children in the real life and this might explain their chemistry and behavior as mother and father. Unfortunately iMDb is no longer a trustworthy site to read about movies since the last modifications that accept manipulative one-line reviews made by robots or people with one review only that wants to diminish a film. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Um Lugar Silencioso" ("A Silent Place")This movie was a nice change to the usual horror/thrillers which are all the same. It had me on edge the entire film. I really enjoyed it and would definitely recommend. Best horror/thriller I\'ve seen in such a long time.John Krasinski (you know him as Jim from The Office) stars alongside his real-life wife, Emily Blunt, in a horror-thriller that Krasinski also directs. Husband and wife, Lee and Evelyn (Krasinski and Blunt) along with their children, struggle to remain safe and silent after mysterious creatures invade Earth, causing severe destruction and death. Through news reports and personal research, Lee discovers that the creatures are blind but have powerful hearing and attack any noise louder than a soft whisper.  Fortunately, Lee and Evelyn have a deaf daughter (a spectacular Millicent Simmonds), so the entire family knows sign language and can use that to communicate in complete silence. We witness the family do their best to get by in this challenging new world, despite the constant threat of the creatures and a strain in the family caused by an avoidable tragedy. Sitting through a completely silent theater for extended sequences is strange and unnerving. The sound of someone rustling in a seat or munching popcorn too loudly becomes alarming. Further, the family strife storyline is compelling enough to stand on its own, which is practically unheard of for a horror movie. With this combination of an original horror concept and an affecting family story, this movie could approach a masterpiece. But that\'s not quite what I experienced.It\'s sillier than I expected. I have a tremendous threshold for my suspension of disbelief, but this one tested me. Frankly, I didn\'t find the monsters terrifying. I found them ridiculous. They were much scarier to me when I didn\'t know exactly what they looked like. Keeping them mysterious made them far more frightening.I walked away from the movie with unanswered questions. Do the creatures ever eat people? It doesn\'t appear that way, so what do they eat?  Why do they attack sound? I considered, perhaps, that loud sounds hurt their ears, so they attack loud noises to stop the pain. But they could just as easily run from the loud sounds, so this theory doesn\'t totally make sense. I also took issue with the fact that they seemed somewhat easy to kill. If that\'s the case why did it take over a year to kill three of these things? It doesn\'t quite add up. I get the sense that if we pull the thread, the whole thing may unravel. Several odd decisions that the characters make or the writers made likely would not hold up under further scrutiny. Nevertheless, the good outweighs the bad. Emily Blunt\'s silent acting is breathtaking. She\'s stunning in this movie, and the two kids are also impressive. Noah Jupe has been in two other movies recently, one abysmal (Suburbicon) and one decent (Wonder). Although he was tremendous in all three, he\'s now finally a part of a legitimately good movie. John Krasinski does a fine job directing a challenging movie. Capturing the emotion and suspense and terror all in complete silence is occasionally spectacular. Though, I\'m not sure I prefer something like this. Complete silence in an empty theater is fine for a moment or two, but it loses its appeal very quickly. I want my scary movie crowds to be rowdy.  Perhaps this movie would be better experienced at home in a silent house. The silence would likely play better in that environment. \n \n Clearly, I\'m picking knits. People like this movie, and I did too. It\'s entertaining, heartfelt and worth a watch in any setting.Why would you get pregnant? Why would you not always have a shotgun? Why wouldn\'t you try things to kill the monsters? Why do you keep stepping on a nail? Why did your baby float away from you? Why would you eat crab for dinner..literally the loudest thing you could eat for dinner??? Why didn\'t the dad just shoot at the monsters? How do they get into the house and grain silos so easily but then bust the side out when they leave. It magically appears inside everything but can\'t get into an old truck.Really stupid!!Out for a nice romantic evening with my wife and we checked on here for the ratings.... 8/10 you say ! So we went for a couple of cheeky drinks then off to the pictures for the 9:10 showing. All was going well until the film started and about 5 minutes in I was losing the will to live. After I realised that if you made a noise this thing would come and eat you I was very tempted to scream hoping the thing would jump out of the screen and put me out of my misery. I\'m not sure who rates on here but come on ... 8/10.Do not listen to cynical reviews it is from people who are so egotistical that they can\'t watch a movie and just live in the fantasy and story that your watching. Shade aside this film was absolutely fantastic my girlfriend loves horror films and 9 out 10 times I refuse to watch it because it looks so terrible or I do watch it and it is indeed terrible but on the odd occasion I\'ll see a trailer for something that looks like it could be a pretty cool story line, this was so much more than that! Way better than I had expected. It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time with my jaw hanging from the suspense.Reminded me of \'hush\' from Netflix but it has si-fi monsters which usually puts me off but it\'s not super wacky so you can kind of go along with it. Deserves 10/10 because the actors were great it was cool to watch and a bit different with the lack of dialogue made the room feel empty and so easy to imerse in there suspense, I left the cinema feeling totally satisfied. If your into thrillers I would definitely recommend!'